--- com.google.gson.CamelCaseSeparatorNamingPolicyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.CamelCaseSeparatorNamingPolicyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.CommentsTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.CommentsTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.DefaultMapJsonSerializerTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.DefaultMapJsonSerializerTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.DisjunctionExclusionStrategyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.DisjunctionExclusionStrategyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.ExposeAnnotationSerializationExclusionStrategyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.ExposeAnnotationSerializationExclusionStrategyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.FieldAttributesTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.FieldAttributesTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.FieldNamingStrategy2AdapterTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.FieldNamingStrategy2AdapterTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.FunctionWithInternalDependenciesTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.FunctionWithInternalDependenciesTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.GsonBuilderTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.GsonBuilderTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.GsonTypeAdapterTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.GsonTypeAdapterTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.JavaFieldNamingPolicyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.JavaFieldNamingPolicyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.JsonFieldNameValidatorTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.JsonFieldNameValidatorTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.JsonObjectTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.JsonObjectTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.JsonParserTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.JsonParserTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.LowerCamelCaseSeparatorNamingPolicyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.LowerCamelCaseSeparatorNamingPolicyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.LowerCaseNamingPolicyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.LowerCaseNamingPolicyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.LruCacheTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.LruCacheTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.MemoryRefStackTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.MemoryRefStackTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.MixedStreamTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.MixedStreamTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.NullExclusionStrategyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.NullExclusionStrategyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.ParameterizedTypeHandlerMapTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.ParameterizedTypeHandlerMapTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.ParameterizedTypeImplTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.ParameterizedTypeImplTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.SerializedNameAnnotationInterceptingNamingPolicyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.SerializedNameAnnotationInterceptingNamingPolicyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.TypeInfoArrayTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.TypeInfoArrayTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.TypeInfoFactoryTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.TypeInfoFactoryTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.TypeInfoMapTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.TypeInfoMapTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.TypeInfoTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.TypeInfoTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.TypeUtilsTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.TypeUtilsTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.UpperCamelCaseSeparatorNamingPolicyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.UpperCamelCaseSeparatorNamingPolicyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.UpperCaseNamingPolicyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.UpperCaseNamingPolicyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.VersionExclusionStrategyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.VersionExclusionStrategyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.CollectionTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.CollectionTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.ConcurrencyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.ConcurrencyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.CustomDeserializerTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.CustomDeserializerTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.CustomSerializerTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.CustomSerializerTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.DefaultTypeAdaptersTest::testBigDecimalFieldSerialization24
junit.framework.ComparisonFailure: expected:<[-122.01e-21]> but was:<[{"value":-1.2201E-19}]>
	at junit.framework.Assert.assertEquals(Assert.java:100)
	at junit.framework.Assert.assertEquals(Assert.java:107)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.assertEquals(TestCase.java:269)
	at com.google.gson.functional.DefaultTypeAdaptersTest.testBigDecimalFieldSerialization24(DefaultTypeAdaptersTest.java:89)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.EnumTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.EnumTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.EscapingTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.EscapingTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.ExclusionStrategyFunctionalTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.ExclusionStrategyFunctionalTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.ExposeFieldsTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.ExposeFieldsTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.FieldExclusionTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.FieldExclusionTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.InheritanceTest::testCharacterSerialization27
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:55)
	at junit.framework.Assert.assertTrue(Assert.java:22)
	at junit.framework.Assert.assertTrue(Assert.java:31)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.assertTrue(TestCase.java:201)
	at com.google.gson.functional.InheritanceTest.testCharacterSerialization27(InheritanceTest.java:58)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.InstanceCreatorTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.InstanceCreatorTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.InterfaceTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.InterfaceTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.JsonParserTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.JsonParserTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.JsonTreeTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.JsonTreeTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.MapTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.MapTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.NamingPolicyTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.NamingPolicyTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.NullObjectAndFieldTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.NullObjectAndFieldTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.ParameterizedTypesTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.ParameterizedTypesTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.PrettyPrintingTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.PrettyPrintingTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.PrintFormattingTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.PrintFormattingTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.ReadersWritersTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.ReadersWritersTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.SecurityTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.SecurityTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.StringTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.StringTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.TypeVariableTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.TypeVariableTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.UncategorizedTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.UncategorizedTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.functional.VersioningTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.functional.VersioningTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.metrics.PerformanceTest
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: No tests found in com.google.gson.metrics.PerformanceTest
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:57)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:227)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite$1.runTest(TestSuite.java:97)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.google.gson.stream.JsonReaderTest::testLenientUnquotedNames16
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:55)
	at junit.framework.Assert.fail(Assert.java:64)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.fail(TestCase.java:235)
	at com.google.gson.stream.JsonReaderTest.testLenientUnquotedNames16(JsonReaderTest.java:48)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
